---
title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
type: "home"
zones:
    - "Overview"
sections:
    - "OverviewFaq"
menu:
    OverviewFaq:
        weight: 40
---

## What makes SeedStack Java framework special ?

The SeedStack Java framework (also called Seed) is a set of carefully
chosen technologies, backed by best-in-class implementations. But more
than that, it is an automatic integration engine that will enable each
of these technologies to work seamlessly together, without any
integration effort from the developer. You simply add the unique
dependency required for a particular technology and it is activated,
ready to use, in your project. To provide this level of automation,
there is a thin layer of integration logic wrapped around each
technology that handles all the traditional integration aspects like
configuration or dependency injection. The end-result is that you can
spend more time developing the inner workings of your components and a
lot less time integrating these components together or with the
runtime environment. It also makes enterprise-wide reusable functions
a practical reality, by providing component developers a standard way
of embedding the integration logic in their packages.

## How is SeedStack licensed ?

It's licensed under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](https://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/).

## Can I use the Web Framework without the Java Framework ?

Yes, the Web and Java frameworks are independent and can be used
separatly. There are already some projects using W20 with a Perl
brackend.

## How to get help for a SeedStack related problem ?

If you have any question or problem please use
[StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com) and make sure to tag your
question with `seedstack`.

You can also use the
[Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/seedstack) or
directly the mailing list via [seedstack@googlegroups.com](mailto:seedstack@googlegroups.com).

We are available on the Freenode IRC community, at [#seedstack](irc://freenode.net/#seedstack). 

## Can I contribute to the project ?

Sure. We would love to accept contributions. Here is a
[guide](https://github.com/seedstack/seedstack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
explaining how to contribute.

## Your FAQ is weak. It did not anwser my question.

Open an [issue](https://github.com/seedstack/website/issues/) on the
website repository or ask us directly on IRC at [#seedstack](irc://freenode.net/#seedstack)
or on the [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/seedstack).
